## Data Sources

* **Price benchmark**: Contains product level attributes, prices of your products and prices of products from other sellers. More information on the Price Competitiveness data can be found [here](https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/13798101). The data is [available at BigQuery](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/merchant-center-price-competitiveness-schema) through the [Merchant Center data transfer](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/merchant-center-transfer).

* **Price suggestions**: The price suggestion report shows suggested sale prices for your products and predicts the performance that you can expect if you update your products' prices. You can use the report to price your products more effectively. Data is also available in the [BigQuery data transfer](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/merchant-center-price-insights-schema) and you can check more details here.

* **Best sellers**: The Best Sellers (or Popular products) report is updated weekly with the most popular products on Google and it also includes the current availability for your products (e.g. if you have that popular product in stock or not). This report can help you consider the allocation of your marketing budget to promote popular products, consider adding them and plan ahead. Details [here](https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/13299535).


## Price Insights

* **% Cheaper**: % of your products that are priced at least 1% below the benchmark.

* **% More Expensive**: % of your products that are priced at least 1% above the benchmark.

* **% Similar**: % of your products that are priced between -1% and +1% of the benchmark.

* **Benchmark price**: The effective click-weighted price for a given product across all retailers who list that same product on Shopping ads and free listings. Products are matched based on their GTIN. The price on Google is evaluated over a seven-day window.

* **Click uplift**: The predicted percentage increase of clicks from your Shopping ads if the suggested price is applied. Predictions are generated by advanced pricing simulations based on performance data over the past seven days.

* **Conversion uplift**: The predicted percentage increase in online conversions from Shopping ads for your product if the suggested sale price is applied. Predictions are generated by advanced pricing simulations based on performance data over the past seven days.

* **Delta**: The difference between your price and the benchmark price.

* **Predicted 30d clicks**: This is the estimated number of extra clicks you could gain within 30 days by adopting the suggested price. For this we take the "Click Uplift" multiplied by the amount of clicks that product had in your account in the last 30 days.

* **Predicted 30d conversions**: This is the estimated number of extra conversions you could gain within 30 days by adopting the suggested price. For this we take the "Conversion Uplift" multiplied by the amount of conversions that product had in your account in the last 30 days.

* **Price**: Your selling price for the product.

* **Products with Benchmark**: This number shows how many products within the selected category or filter have a benchmark price available for comparison.

* **Suggested price**: The most effective sale price predicted by Google. It's based on advanced simulations at different price points over the past seven days and factors in price elasticity, current performance and the performance impact on price changes for businesses similar to you.

## Best Sellers

* **\# Offers in your inventory**: This number represents all the individual variations of this specific product that you currently have in your inventory, such as different sizes, colors, or any other distinguishing features.

* **\# Top Products**: The total number of popular products in this category.

* **\# Top Products you have**: The number of products that you have that matched a popular product in this category.

* **Availability**: Shows whether you have the product marked in Merchant Center as “in stock” or “out of stock”. If you don’t sell the product or brand, you can see a suggestion to consider stocking the product or brand.
    * "In stock" means you have that product available in your inventory.
    * "Out of stock" means you have the product but it's out of stock.
    * "Brand in stock" means you have that brand in your inventory, but not that product.
    * "Brand not in stock" means all your products for that brand are out of stock and you don't have that product on your inventory.
    * "Not in inventory" means neither the brand nor the product are in your inventory.

* **Category**: The most granular (e.g. last node) of the Google Product Category.

* **Clicks, Conversions, Conv Rate, ROAS**: These are metrics that correspond to your Shopping campaign's performance in the last 30 days. There is also 7 day data available at the underlying data sources.

* **Demand**: Product's estimated demand in relation to the product with the highest rank in the same category and country.

* **Demand change**: Relative demand value for this product compared to the previous period.

* **GTINs**: GTINs of products from your inventory corresponding to this product cluster, each separated by a space.

* **Previous rank**: The product's ranking in the previous period, based on your selected timeframe.

* **Rank**: Google ranks products based on how often customers are buying them. The smaller the number, the higher your product ranks in popularity.